README.md, before:

# SearchableList Component

The `SearchableList` component is a flexible and interactive list component that allows users to search through items, expand/collapse sections, and customize styles. It is built using React and styled-components, making it easy to integrate into any React application.

## Features

- **Search Functionality**: Users can search for items in the list, filtering results in real-time.
- **Collapsible Sections**: Sections can be expanded or collapsed to show or hide items.
- **Customizable Styles**: Easily customize the appearance of the list, including text styles and container styles.
- **Responsive Design**: The component is designed to be responsive and works well on various screen sizes.

## Installation

To use the `SearchableList` component, ensure you have the necessary dependencies installed:

```bash
npm install searchable-list
```

## Usage

To use the `SearchableList` component, import it into your React component and provide the required props.

### Example

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import SearchableList from './components/SearchableList/SearchableList';
import { sampleData } from '../sampleData'; // Adjust the import path as necessary

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div style={{ width: '400px' }}>
      <SearchableList
        data={sampleData}
        onSearch={(value) => console.log(value)}
        listHeight={400}
        primaryTextStyle={{ fontWeight: 'bold' }}
        secondaryTextStyle={{ color: 'gray' }}
        containerStyles={{ maxWidth: '600px' }}
        searchInputStyles={{ padding: '14px 16px' }}
      />
    </div>
  );
};
export default App;
```


## Props

| Prop                     | Type                          | Description                                                                                     |
|--------------------------|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `data`                   | `Section[]`                  | An array of sections containing items to display.                                             |
| `renderItem`             | `(item: Item, defaultRender: (item: ItemContent) => React.ReactNode) => React.ReactNode` | A function to render each item in the list.                                                   |
| `renderSectionHeader`    | `(section: { title: string; sectionId: string | number; }) => React.ReactNode` | A function to render the section header.                                                      |
| `onSearch`               | `(value: string) => void`    | Callback function triggered when the search input changes.                                    |
| `containerStyles`        | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the container of the list.                                                 |
| `searchInputStyles`      | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the search input.                                                           |
| `sectionHeaderStyles`    | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the section headers.                                                        |
| `listItemStyles`         | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the list items.                                                             |
| `listHeight`             | `number`                     | The height of the list.                                                                         |
| `primaryTextStyle`       | `React.CSSProperties`        | Styles for the primary text in the list items.                                                |
| `secondaryTextStyle`     | `React.CSSProperties`        | Styles for the secondary text in the list items.                                              |
| `primaryTextClassName`   | `string`                     | Class name for the primary text in the list items.                                            |
| `secondaryTextClassName` | `string`                     | Class name for the secondary text in the list items.                                          |

## Customization

You can customize the appearance of the `SearchableList` component by passing in styles through the `containerStyles`, `searchInputStyles`, `sectionHeaderStyles`, and `listItemStyles` props. You can also customize the text styles using `primaryTextStyle` and `secondaryTextStyle`.

### Example of Customization

```tsx
<SearchableList
  data={sampleData}
  onSearch={(value) => console.log(value)}
  listHeight={400}
  primaryTextStyle={{ fontWeight: 'bold', color: 'blue' }}
  secondaryTextStyle={{ color: 'gray' }}
  containerStyles={{ maxWidth: '600px', backgroundColor: '#f9f9f9' }}
  searchInputStyles={{ padding: '14px 16px', border: '1px solid #ccc' }}
/>
```

## Conclusion

The `SearchableList` component is a powerful tool for displaying and searching through lists of items in a user-friendly manner. With its customizable styles and interactive features, it can be easily integrated into any React application.

For further questions or contributions, feel free to reach out or submit a pull request!

Commit message:

feat: updated readme.md file

README.md, after:

# SearchableList Component

The `SearchableList` component is a flexible and interactive list component that allows users to search through items, expand/collapse sections, and customize styles. It is built using React and styled-components, making it easy to integrate into any React application.

## Features

- **Search Functionality**: Users can search for items in the list, filtering results in real-time.
- **Collapsible Sections**: Sections can be expanded or collapsed to show or hide items.
- **Customizable Styles**: Easily customize the appearance of the list, including text styles and container styles.
- **Responsive Design**: The component is designed to be responsive and works well on various screen sizes.
- **Virtualization with `react-window`**: The component utilizes `react-window` for efficient rendering of large lists, ensuring that only the visible items are rendered in the DOM. This significantly improves performance and scalability, making it suitable for applications with extensive datasets.

## Installation

To use the `SearchableList` component, ensure you have the necessary dependencies installed:

```bash
npm install searchable-list
```

## Usage

To use the `SearchableList` component, import it into your React component and provide the required props.

### Example

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import SearchableList from './components/SearchableList/SearchableList';
import { sampleData } from '../sampleData'; // Adjust the import path as necessary

const App = () => {
  return (
    <div style={{ width: '400px' }}>
      <SearchableList
        data={sampleData}
        onSearch={(value) => console.log(value)}
        listHeight={400}
        primaryTextStyle={{ fontWeight: 'bold' }}
        secondaryTextStyle={{ color: 'gray' }}
        containerStyles={{ maxWidth: '600px' }}
        searchInputStyles={{ padding: '14px 16px' }}
      />
    </div>
  );
};
export default App;
```

## Props

| Prop                     | Type                          | Description                                                                                     |
|--------------------------|-------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `data`                   | `Section[]`                  | An array of sections containing items to display.                                             |
| `renderItem`             | `(item: Item, defaultRender: (item: ItemContent) => React.ReactNode) => React.ReactNode` | A function to render each item in the list.                                                   |
| `renderSectionHeader`    | `(section: { title: string; sectionId: string | number; }) => React.ReactNode` | A function to render the section header.                                                      |
| `onSearch`               | `(value: string) => void`    | Callback function triggered when the search input changes.                                    |
| `containerStyles`        | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the container of the list.                                                 |
| `searchInputStyles`      | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the search input.                                                           |
| `sectionHeaderStyles`    | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the section headers.                                                        |
| `listItemStyles`         | `Partial<StyleProps>`        | Styles to apply to the list items.                                                             |
| `listHeight`             | `number`                     | The height of the list.                                                                         |
| `primaryTextStyle`       | `React.CSSProperties`        | Styles for the primary text in the list items.                                                |
| `secondaryTextStyle`     | `React.CSSProperties`        | Styles for the secondary text in the list items.                                              |
| `primaryTextClassName`   | `string`                     | Class name for the primary text in the list items.                                            |
| `secondaryTextClassName` | `string`                     | Class name for the secondary text in the list items.                                          |

## Customization

You can customize the appearance of the `SearchableList` component by passing in styles through the `containerStyles`, `searchInputStyles`, `sectionHeaderStyles`, and `listItemStyles` props. You can also customize the text styles using `primaryTextStyle` and `secondaryTextStyle`.

### Example of Customization

```tsx
<SearchableList
  data={sampleData}
  onSearch={(value) => console.log(value)}
  listHeight={400}
  primaryTextStyle={{ fontWeight: 'bold', color: 'blue' }}
  secondaryTextStyle={{ color: 'gray' }}
  containerStyles={{ maxWidth: '600px', backgroundColor: '#f9f9f9' }}
  searchInputStyles={{ padding: '14px 16px', border: '1px solid #ccc' }}
/>
```

## Running Tests

To run the test cases for the `SearchableList` component, use the following command:

```bash
npm test
```

This will execute all the test cases defined in the `SearchableList.test.tsx` file.

## Running Storybook

To run Storybook and view the `SearchableList` component in isolation, use the following command:

```bash
npm run storybook
```

This will start the Storybook server, and you can view your `SearchableList` component along with the various stories you created.

## Conclusion

The `SearchableList` component is a powerful tool for displaying and searching through lists of items in a user-friendly manner. With its customizable styles and interactive features, it can be easily integrated into any React application. The use of `react-window` for virtualization ensures that the component remains performant and scalable, even with large datasets.

For further questions or contributions, feel free to reach out or submit a pull request!
